Added autoscaler options to worker groups (#9245)
gardener/gardener: docs/usage/shoot_autoscaling.md

However, we have not touched the logic how it performs auto-scaling decisions.
Consequently, please refer to the [offical documentation](https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/tree/master/cluster-autoscaler#faqdocumentation) for this component.

> The `Shoot` API allows to configure a few flags of the `cluster-autoscaler`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Shoot` API allows to configure a few flags of the `cluster-autoscaler`:
```

> The following flags are general options for `cluster-autoscaler`, and these values will be used for all worker groups except for those who have specific values defined:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following flags are general options for `cluster-autoscaler`, and these values will be used for all worker groups except for those overwriting them:
```

* `.spec.kubernetes.clusterAutoscaler.newPodScaleupDelay` specifies how long CA should ignore newly created pods before they have to be considered for scale-up.
* `.spec.kubernetes.clusterAutoscaler.maxEmptyBulkDelete` specifies the maximum number of empty nodes that can be deleted at the same time (default: 10).

> The following flags allow some `cluster-autoscaler` flags to be set per worker group. They are specified along with the worker and override any general value such as those specified in the flags above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following flags allow some `cluster-autoscaler` flags to be set per worker pool. They are specified along with the worker and override any general value such as those specified in the flags above:
```

* `.spec.provider.workers.clusterAutoscaler.scaleDownUtilizationThreshold` defines the threshold under which a node is being removed
* `.spec.provider.workers.clusterAutoscaler.scaleDownGpuUtilizationThreshold` defines the threshold for gpu resources under which a node is being removed
* `.spec.provider.workers.clusterAutoscaler.scaleDownUnneededTime` defines how long a node should be unneeded before it is eligible for scale down
* `.spec.provider.workers.clusterAutoscaler.scaleDownUnreadyTime` defines how long an unready node should be unneeded before it is eligible for scale down.

> * `.spec.provider.workers.clusterAutoscaler.maxNodeProvisionTime` defines how long cluster autoscaler should wait for a node to be provisioned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `.spec.provider.workers[].clusterAutoscaler.scaleDownUtilizationThreshold` defines the threshold under which a node is being removed
* `.spec.provider.workers[].clusterAutoscaler.scaleDownGpuUtilizationThreshold` defines the threshold for gpu resources under which a node is being removed
* `.spec.provider.workers[].clusterAutoscaler.scaleDownUnneededTime` defines how long a node should be unneeded before it is eligible for scale down
* `.spec.provider.workers[].clusterAutoscaler.scaleDownUnreadyTime` defines how long an unready node should be unneeded before it is eligible for scale down.
* `.spec.provider.workers[].clusterAutoscaler.maxNodeProvisionTime` defines how long cluster autoscaler should wait for a node to be provisioned.
```

Reviewer: You could also explain why some of the fields that can be specified globally cannot be specified per worker pool. That might a question that arises when people start using this feature.
